.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd 3/27/19               \" DATE
.Dt aptupdate      \" Program name and manual section number
.Os aptupdate
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm aptupdate
.\" The following lines are read in generating the apropos(man -k) database. Use only key
.\" words here as the database is built based on the words here and in the .ND line.
.\" Use .Nm macro to designate other names for the documented program.
.Nd Multiple Repository Application Installer - apt Updater
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Op Fl sy
.Op Fl Fl version
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
is used by mrai to update from apt. Running it will update your system. It MUST be run with root privleges, otherwise apt throws errors.
.Pp                      \" Inserts a space

.Pp
A list of flags and their descriptions:
.Bl -tag -width -indent  \" Differs from above in tag removed
.It Fl Fl version                \"-a flag as a list item
print version number and exit
.Pp

.It Fl s
Update snaps as well
.Pp

.It Fl y
Assume yes to any confirmation dialogues
.Pp

.El                      \" Ends the list
.Pp
.Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.Bl -tag -width "/Users/joeuser/Library/really_long_file_name" -compact
.It Pa /bin/mrai
Main Program File
.It Pa /bin/aptupdate
Update utility to update from apt. Run with root.
.It Pa /bin/snapupdate
Update utility to update snaps. 
.It Pa /etc/mrai/bin/clean.sh
Cleaning script
.It Pa /etc/mrai/bin/gitautoinst.sh
GitHub Installation Wizard
.It Pa /etc/mrai/bin/aptremove.sh
Uninstall and cleaning Utility
.Pp

.It These may or may not be on your system, depending on what you have installed:
.Pp

.It Pa /etc/mrai/snapd.flag
Marker for whether snapd is installed or not
.It Pa /etc/mrai/flatpak.flag
Marker for whether flatpak is installed or not
.It Pa /etc/mrai/apt-fast.flag
Marker for whether apt-fast is installed or not
.It Pa /etc/mrai/selected_editor.conf
Designates which CLI text editor you would like to use when editing one of the sources.list files for apt. This can also be changed to a GUI text editor such as gedit, leafpad, or mousepad
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Sh SEE ALSO
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.Xr snapupdate 1 ,
.Xr mrai 1 ,
.Sh BUGS              \" Document known, unremedied bugs
.Nm
is currently in alpha. Bugs are to be expected. If you find a bug, please report it to: https://github.com/drauger-os-development/mrai/issues
.\" .Sh HISTORY           \" Document history if command behaves in a unique manner
